mixin: ruler emote eval failing alert (#3177)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add age filter to forwarding functionality, to not forward samples which are older than defined duration. If such samples are not ingested, `cortex_discarded_samples_total{reason="forwarded-sample-too-old"}` is increased. #3049 #3133

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: added `RulerRemoteEvaluationFailing` alert, firing when communication between ruler and frontend fails in remote operational mode. #3177

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Added `RulerRemoteEvaluationFailing` alert, which fires when communication between the ruler and the frontend fails in remote operational mode. #3177
```
